Rewording of company and peopleops sections (#211)
flowforge/handbook: company/communication.md

Further, the document should include an "Action Items" list to track what needs
doing, and when.

## Skip level meetings

Meetings between levels of the organisation happen in regular 1:1s, usually held
weekly between the manager and report. The report however might want to

> also communicate with the managers manager to keep in touch with the strategy and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also communicate with the manager's manager to keep in touch with the strategy and
```

communicate feedback on what they observe directly.

> The adviced cadance to have these meetings depends on the wants of the report,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advised cadence to have these meetings depends on the wants of the report,
```
